Pre Assessment Form
Purpose: To assess and gather essential information about the company contact info, technology used to operate and pain points (bottlenecks) and last the companies scale. 

Things to fix of the existing for located at: /services/pre-assessment
Make sure that:
All the form input fields is set up correctly structurally to send to webhook after completion
Form Structure
1.Webhook Integration
Confirm the form is set up to send data securely to your webhook after submission.
Add a confirmation message or screen for users after they submit the form, to reassure them it was successfully completed.
Ensure only the Contact Name and either Phone Number or Email Address are marked as required.
	Use logic to validate that either one of those fields is completed, but not necessarily both.
	3.	User Experience
	•	Make the form mobile-friendly and responsive.
	•	Use placeholders in input fields as examples to guide users.
	•	For long sections like “Products and Services Descriptions,” consider an expandable/collapsible section to keep the form tidy.


Webhook address: https://hook.us1.make.com/onwbnec5advmcbxw242fb1u9cqd0frd2



Questions:
General information
Legal business Name
Contact name
Contact phone number
Contact email address
Services and products
Total number of services and products
Products and services descriptions (This should be a list format, with a button plus sign to as many as 15 services of products, name and description)
Scale, structure, and capacity
Total number of employees
Total number of locations
Technology used (input field per department, also add a checkmark says “None” and when they click the field disables and fades)
Payment (POS) - Placeholder: Square, Clover, Stripe
Accounting - Placeholder: Quickbooks, Sage
Communications - Placeholder - Pipedrive, Zoho, Salesforce
Administration - Placeholder: Google sheets, Drive, SQL
Coordination - Placeholder: Asana, Trello, Monday
Booking system - Calendly, Booksy, Acuity
Website Capabilities – Placeholder: “Basic website (e.g., Wix or Squarespace) or advanced website with features like automations, booking systems, or custom integrations.
Pain points
What are workflows in your business that you feel can be automated or optimized? (Add a plus button as the services, where they can describe the pain points as many as 10
Any other business challenges we can help with? Add plus sign for them to continue adding as many as 10
Do you need help integrating any systems?Add plus sign for them to continue adding as many as 10
Vision
What are your top goals for growth or improvement? Placeholder- Increase sales, launch new products, automate processes.

After this question they can go ahead and submit the information. Say a thank you message

